compress_snappy_4K cudf true
compress_snappy_8K cudf true
compress_snappy_12K cudf true
compress_snappy_16K cudf true
compress_snappy_32K cudf true
compress_snappy_64K cudf true
compress_snappy_128K cudf true
compress_snappy_256K cudf true
compress_snappy_512K cudf true
compress_snappy_1M cudf true
compress_snappy_2M cudf true
compress_snappy_4M cudf true
compress_snappy_8M cudf true
compress_none_4K cudf true
compress_none_8K cudf true
compress_none_12K cudf true
compress_none_16K cudf true
compress_none_32K cudf true
compress_none_64K cudf true
compress_none_128K cudf true
compress_none_256K cudf true
compress_none_512K cudf true
compress_none_1M cudf true
compress_none_2M cudf true
compress_none_4M cudf true
compress_none_8M cudf true
compress_zstd_4K cudf true
compress_zstd_8K cudf true
compress_zstd_12K cudf true
compress_zstd_16K cudf true
compress_zstd_32K cudf true
compress_zstd_64K cudf true
compress_zstd_128K cudf true
compress_zstd_256K cudf true
compress_zstd_512K cudf true
compress_zstd_1M cudf true
compress_zstd_2M cudf true
compress_zstd_4M cudf true
compress_zstd_8M cudf true
